update deployment guide (#1551)
open-mmlab/mmediting: docs/en/user_guides/deploy.md

# Tutorial 8: Deploy models in MMEditing

The deployment of OpenMMLab codebases, including MMClassification, MMDetection, MMEditing and so on are supported by [MMDeploy](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdeploy).
The latest deployment guide for MMEditing can be found from [here](https://mmdeploy.readthedocs.io/en/1.x/04-supported-codebases/mmedit.html).

This tutorial is organized as follows:

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Convert model](#convert-model)
- [Model specification](#model-specification)
- [Model inference](#model-inference)
  - [Backend model inference](#backend-model-inference)
  - [SDK model inference](#sdk-model-inference)
- [Supported models](#supported-models)

## Installation

> Please follow the [guide](https://mmediting.readthedocs.io/en/1.x/2_get_started.html#installation) to install mmedit. And then install mmdeploy from source by following [this](https://mmdeploy.readthedocs.io/en/1.x/get_started.html#installation) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the [guide](../get_started/install.md) to install mmedit. And then install mmdeploy from source by following [this](https://mmdeploy.readthedocs.io/en/1.x/get_started.html#installation) guide.
```

```{note}
If you install mmdeploy prebuilt package, please also clone its repository by 'git clone https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdeploy.git --depth=1' to get the deployment config files.
```

## Convert model

Suppose mmediting and mmdeploy repositories are in the same directory, and the working directory is the root path of mmediting.

> Take [ESRGAN](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmediting/blob/1.x/configs/esrgan/esrgan_psnr-x4c64b23g32_1xb16-1000k_div2k.py) model as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take [ESRGAN](../../../configs/esrgan/esrgan_psnr-x4c64b23g32_1xb16-1000k_div2k.py) model as an example.
```
